{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8820\viewh12940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi480\sl360

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The first sensation that Oliver felt was that he was somehow being 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
poured
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. As though a weight was seeping out of his consciousness and hanging below him. This weight, this heaviness grew and bulged until it took form like a lumpy teardrop hanging from his thoughts. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How odd
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, he thought. He considered saying so out loud but found that it was impossible to do so. Muffled, far away noises drifted in and spun around his conscious but he was unable to grab hold of them. Time past sideways and the muffled voices died away, only to be replaced by an occasional 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
thunk, thunk. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thunk, thunk.
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\i\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thunk, thunk.
\f1\i0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It was strong but hollow, certain but irregular, familiar but different. It was the most beautiful sound Oliver had ever experienced. After a time, he realized that the sound wasn\'92t coming from inside his mind, nor the heaviness drooping from it, but instead it was coming from just ahead. If only he could reach it. With all his willpower, Oliver pushed his mind forward. The heaviness held him back, but it was giving way. He reached out just a little further and the world began to spin.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
His body landed on the floor, jolting him and causing his eyes to open. Light pierced them and he reactively flinched away towards it, managing to roll over onto his front. A groan tore itself from his mouth as he pressed his nose against something firm and sweet smelling. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Papa!\'94 someone shouted near him, and then he heard the sound again, faster and louder than before. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thunk, thunk. Thunk, thunk. \'a0
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Slowly, Oliver\'92s eyes adjusted. He stared at the wooden and dusty planks of the floor. They smelled familiar yet of something far distant. He would have liked to figure out where he remembered that smell from when hands suddenly grabbed him and rolled him over. A grey triangular shape hovered above him with two pink circles peeking out behind it. Oliver\'92s eyes slowly focused to discover a large mouse face was examining him closely.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	\'93Hello,\'94 Oliver tried to say. \'a0Nothing but an odd wheezing sound came out of his mouth instead.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	Another face covered in fabric suddenly popped into view followed by a loud 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
thunk
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
! Short ropes of hair hung in front of two button eyes that glistened as they stared at him. \'93Did you hear that?!\'94 the fabric face said, \'93he\'92s trying to say something!\'94.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The mouse quickly pushed the fabric face out of view. \'93Calm down, Mina. You\'92ll scare him,\'94 he said. He stepped back, allowing Oliver to focus on it a little better. It was an old mouse with several grey patches of fur and a wrinkled snout. Its eyes touched by a slight haze. \'93Hello there,\'94 the mouse said to Oliver, \'93Can you hear me? Nod your head up and down if you can.\'94
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Oliver concentrated hard but couldn\'92t manage to move anything. 
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Mina,\'94 the mouse said, \'93prop him up. I doubt he can do much like that.\'94
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Soft hands cradled his head and pulled on his shoulders.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93He\'92s heavy!\'94 the rag girl said. The mouse moved behind him and an extra pair of hands grabbed his arms. Oliver felt his upper body lift and lean against something. He had a better vantage point in the sitting position and looked through the room. It was a small room \'a0with various sharp instruments hanging from walls and rafters and some large tables in the center. Sunlight streamed through a high window sparkling with all the dust in the air. Oliver rolled his head to the side and saw a thin rag doll sitting on the ground next to him. One arm extended behind his head while the other clutched two wooden rods with handles at the top. A wide grin stretched across her face.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Come on,\'94 she said when their eyes met, \'93Say something again. I know you can!\'94
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Oliver pushed his lips together and exhaled sharply, managing a whispered, \'93
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Where?\'94
\f1\i0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The rag girl shrieked in excitement before covering her mouth with her hands, causing Oliver\'92s head to bang against the wall behind him with a 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
thud.
\f1\i0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Careful!\'94 the old mouse scolded as he knelt down beside Oliver, \'93I don\'92t know how much strain that seam in the back can take. Especially under all that weight.\'94
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93His head isn\'92t as heavy as I thought it would be,\'94 the rag girl replied, \'93but the rest of him sure is.\'94
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Oliver felt slightly more control over his body.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Where...am I?\'94 he whispered between breaths.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93You\'92re in my workshop
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}